[Doc] Update TS SDK docs (#7796)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/sdks/ts-sdk/sdk-core-layer.md

- [TransactionBuilderRemoteABI](https://aptos-labs.github.io/ts-sdk-doc/classes/TransactionBuilderRemoteABI.html) downloads JSON ABIs from the fullnodes. It then translates the JSON ABIs to the format accepted by TransactionBuilderABI.

The Transaction Builder contains the TypeScript types for constructing the transaction payloads. The Transaction Builder within the TypeScript SDK supports the following transaction payloads:

1. Entry Function
2. Script
3. MultiSig Transaction

#### Generate transaction

The TypeScript SDK provides 2 efficient ways to generate a raw transaction that can be signed and submitted to chain

1. Using the `generateTransaction()` method. This methods accepts an `entry function payload` type and is available for entry funtion transaction submission. It uses the [TransactionBuilderRemoteABI](https://aptos-labs.github.io/ts-sdk-doc/classes/TransactionBuilderRemoteABI.html) to fetch the ABI from chain, serializes the payload arguments based on the entry function argument types and generates and return a raw transaction that can be signed and submitted to chain.

> 2. Using the `generateRawTransaction()` methos. This method accept any transaction payload type (entry, script, multisig) and exepcts for the arguments passed in to be serialized. It then generates and returns a raw transaction that can be signed and submitted to chain.

Reviewer: run a spell check on this
```suggestion
2. Using the `generateRawTransaction()` method. This method accept any transaction payload type (entry, script, multisig) and expects the passed in arguments to be serialized. It then generates and returns a raw transaction that can be signed and submitted to chain.
```

---
title: "Typescript SDK Core Layer"
slug: "typescript-sdk-core-layer"
---

import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The core SDK layer exposes the functionalities needed by most applications:

- Key generation
- Transaction signing and submission
- Transaction status querying
- Information retrieval techniques

### BCS Library

The BCS serialization format is a key component of the Aptos blockchain ecosystem, providing a compact and efficient way to encode data on the blockchain. Its extensibility and support for custom data types make it a valuable tool for building blockchain applications on the Aptos network.
BCS is a binary encoding format that is designed to be compact and efficient, making it ideal for use in blockchain applications where storage and bandwidth are at a premium. It is also designed to be extensible, allowing developers to define custom data types and structures.

> The TypeScript SDK implements a [Binary Canonical Serialization](https://docs.rs/bcs/latest/bcs/) (BCS) library for transaction signing and submission. The Aptos blockchain uses BCS for data serialization and deserialization. See the [Aptos SDK BCS](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/tree/main/ecosystem/typescript/sdk/src/bcs).

Reviewer 2: If the audience is SDK user. I wonder if they really need to know BCS from their side?

Author: I agree. I do think BCS needs to be mentioned as the SDK accepts BCS serialized transactions (although I would argue that the end user shouldn't provide a bcs serialized argument, but a argument and its type and the sdk should serialize it for them)
